# PublisherSubscriber
This project is just a proof of concept to demonstrate how Pub/Sub pattern can be used. There is an imaginary shop or publisher which will trigger certain events whenever new order is placed or new customer registered in the system. Once order is placed, email confirmation must be sent. Thus, system that handles emails subscribes to the event published by shop. At the same time, Crm system also must be updated for further follow up by marketing team. There are might be other event listeners waiting to perform different tasks. 
 
Publisher/Subscriber has different variations. Observer pattern is simpler version of them which is suitable mostly for small projects. However, for this project I have decided to use Event Aggregator to be able to handle big projects which is described in the article "Event Aggregator" by Martin Fowler(https://martinfowler.com/eaaDev/EventAggregator.html). 
Instead of creating from the scratch, I found library that is build based on concept of "Event Aggregator" and available in NuGet package manager for easy maintenance. Moreover, author of the library wrote good article where he explained why this approach is better and how his library can be used. This article can be found at http://www.nimaara.com/2016/02/14/cleaner-pub-sub-using-the-event-aggregator-pattern/

As further improvement, I would replace middle "Event Aggregator" container with messaging queue (RabbitMQ, Azure Service Bus queue). It will make different applications work as one complex system and, potentially, those applications can be based on different programming languages. Moreover, those applications can be scattered around different datacenters/locations without being part of a big monolithic system on a same server. These days microservices architecture and serverless are getting more popular which making suggest improvement more versatile to fit new trend. 
